Will Hopkins (b. 1999) is an American percussionist, drummer, producer and composer based in New York City. Born and raised in Dallas, TX, Will moved to New York in 2017 and has since then performed with numerous groups and ensembles in a broad array of styles and aesthetics.

Will has performed as a guest percussionist with the Metropolitan Opera, the American Composers Orchestra, and the Asian Cultural Symphony of the USA. He has also appeared with the Juilliard Orchestra, Manhattan School of Music Symphony Orchestra, New York Youth Symphony, JW Chorale, and Uptown Classics. He has performed under the batons of Sir Antonio Pappano, Dame Jane Glover, Yannick Nezet-Seguin, Simone Young, Paolo Carignani, David Robertson, Leonard Slatkin, Giancarlo Guerrero, Xian Zhang and Mei-Ann Chen at venues including Carnegie Hall, Alice Tully Hall and David Geffen Hall at Lincoln Center, Rose Theater at Jazz at Lincoln Center, Symphony Space, and the Peter Jay Sharp Theater.

Will is a fierce advocate for new music, and he has performed contemporary works with AXIOM, Tactus, New Juilliard Ensemble, and as a soloist with MSM Percussion Ensemble. He has collaborated with and premiered works by Hannah Ishizaki, Eunike Tanzil, Alexandros Darna, Derek Cooper, Diana Syrse, Paul Desenne, Yangfan Xu and Paul Frehner. He has coached with Daniel Druckman, Steven Schick, Steve Mackey, Jeffrey Milarsky, Andy Akiho, Todd Meehan, Jude Traxler, Mike Perdue, and Walter Thompson. In 2022 he appeared as a featured soloist with the Juilliard Dance division in a reconstruction by Aaron Sherber of Henry Cowell’s Canto Hondo (1937) for oboe, clarinet, and percussion choreographed by Martha Graham and coached by Terese Capucilli, Juilliard dance faculty and Artistic Director Laureate of the Martha Graham Dance Company.

As a solo musician, Will was the Grand Prize Winner of the 2018 New York International Percussion Competition and was a 1st Place Winner at the 2019 Majoaja International Percussion Competition in Tampere, FInland. He was a finalist at the 2021 Great Plains International Marimba Competition, and most recently an invited artist for the 2022 World Marimba Competition in Stuttgart, Germany and the 2022 TROMP Percussion Competition and Festival in Eindhoven, the Netherlands.

Will received his Bachelor of Music from Manhattan School of Music in 2021 and his Master of Music from The Juilliard School in 2023. His teachers include Christopher Lamb, Greg Zuber, Duncan Patton, Markus Rhoten, Kyle Zerna, Daniel Druckman, She-e Wu, Billy Drummond, John Riley, Kenny Washington, Javier Diaz and Glen Velez.

Aside from music, Will can be found playing chess, reading books, or drinking coffee.